{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1138\cocoasubrtf510
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\f0\fs24 \cf0 	The premise of this project was fairly simple: I would make landscapes using open scad. I had made a few before and really enjoyed that way of working, but was worried that I had burnt out or would not be able to think of anything to make. I found that the process of making was similar to that of painting; I would start by playing around with some initial moves until I felt like I had  a good base to build on. As the landscape progressed it became easier to make decisions and figure out what the landscape needed. It became easier and easier to make as I began to understand the logic of the landscape I was creating. \
\
	I used these landscapes as ways to think through the physics and logic of a virtual world. I was interested in the idea of 2.75D, of partial dimensionality, and of a world that symbolically referenced the natural, but obviously was not. Creating these landscapes felt like creating mythic spaces that were understandable through our experience in this world, but were not of this world. \
\
Through making these landscapes I have become interested in the idea of a land of landscape. A land of a sentient landscape which exists to express itself. In this type of landscape there is a base-land and then the objects of landscape that exist on top of it. Only the objects of landscape can move to communicate and play tricks. To the visitor, the landscape looks deserted. The landscape does not want to talk, it wants to be read. There are no conversations. \
\
I will continue to work through this process of making virtual landscapes, I feel as though I am just at the beginning of something. I am still figuring out a lot about what I mean and how to manifest it. }